add static URLs to editors checklist (#331)
EVERSE-ResearchSoftware/RSQKit: pages/contributing/editors_checklist.md

- The Contributors implemented the requested changes and comments, if needed.
- The Contributors are acknowledged and thanked for their efforts and informed about the publication of their content.
- The PR is linked to related issues and can be merged into the main branch with no conflicts.

> - Page URLs are kept static. Only in well motivated exceptional cases should this rule be broken. Static URLs are important for external sources to refer to our content.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Page file names should not be changed (unless really necessary) as they provide us with static static URLs for pages - which is important for external sources to refer to our content.
```
